[firebase-recaptcha] Add appVerificationDisabledForTesting prop to enable test mode (#10905)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/firebase-recaptcha.md

- **firebaseConfig (IFirebaseOptions)** -- Firebase web configuration.
- **firebaseVersion (string)** -- Optional version of the Firebase JavaScript SDK to load in the web-view. You can use this to load a custom or newer version. For example `version="6.8.0"`.

> - **appVerificationDisabledForTesting (boolean)** -- When set, this property disables app verification for the purpose of testing phone authentication. When this is disabled, a mock reCAPTCHA is rendered instead. This is useful for manual testing during development or for automated integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **appVerificationDisabledForTesting (boolean)** -- When set, this property disables app verification for the purpose of testing phone authentication. When this prop is `true`, a mock reCAPTCHA is rendered. This is useful for manual testing during development or for automated integration tests.
```

maybe good to link to the firebase docs for this prop as well for more info

Author: Thanks, I've added a link to firebase as well 👍

- **firebaseConfig (IFirebaseOptions)** -- Firebase web configuration.
- **firebaseVersion (string)** -- Optional version of the Firebase JavaScript SDK to load in the web-view. You can use this to load a custom or newer version. For example `version="6.8.0"`.

> - - **appVerificationDisabledForTesting (boolean)** -- When set, this property disables app verification for the purpose of testing phone authentication. When this is disabled, a mock reCAPTCHA is rendered instead. This is useful for manual testing during development or for automated integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **appVerificationDisabledForTesting (boolean)** -- When set, this property disables app verification for the purpose of testing phone authentication. When this prop is `true`, a mock reCAPTCHA is rendered. This is useful for manual testing during development or for automated integration tests.
```

same as above, also this one has an extra `-` in front :O
